applications: nrf_desktop: led_state documentation (#1202)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/ble_state.rst

.. _ble_state:

BLE state module
################

> BLE state module is used to control Zephyr BLE connection callbacks and send proper ``ble_peer_event``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BLE state module is used to control Zephyr BLE connection callbacks and send the required ``ble_peer_event``.
```
